it's survival of the fittest are a lot
more kiara who now you know I don't I
want to do a let out some more oh no
real mental mirror great training stage
white blue cow chosen b+ verse to see
damn the people of the century I don't
know what to do he's doing weird mix ups
what the hell i can hit him there hit me
with the half a while dude you saw that
right into the back role during my pogo
and then when i leave the from the photo
he did the e ex role in a hit me right
first it has been do that Nick damn did
you know that that beat is jumping me to
miss my skin wow black I think
that's all I wine wow I can't hit it all
so weird good I was so weird shit oh
there's all it was crazy ass mix up she
completely swollen me when I didn't know
what he was doing can we do one hit into
a mix-up or reset into another mix up
that was just so odd he barely did any
combos but everything was just so weird
whoo yeah Berlin so obviously has
potential to be played really really
oddly but uh it was effective good stuff
that was a good match